we are two kinds of cure and certain on
the bottom no need to bow your knees
we're just vegetable oil you wanted to
get to about 350 degrees we'll try this
up because you're going to fry it or
cook we those are for them to get the
breading round
you mean the Browning except for the we
get stuck in either so now go ahead and
you're going to what's your favorite Tim
Burton movie by the way since we don't
have a soft spot preferences in here
yeah that's great
yeah deliciously coffee you know it
makes it even get to dip these
Frankenweenie
so go ahead and put that batter into
that cup here's how we're going to make
these Franklin ladies I'm going to push
these up a little bit so that the spike
it's not there we don't want somebody
biting down and getting better stick to
the corndog rather to that dog
I'm just going to coat it with a little
bit of flour a little bit let's get into
them now your hot dog I know anyone's
that's a way better way better and
you're just making sure it's coated and
give it a little bit of a gravity swish
to make sure that kind of the extra
comes off and then I'm going to drop it
right into degrees
action
see I do things because cold hot dog
because you that your wieners are going
to hurt were I just did these things
beautiful friend meaning thank you I get
compliments all the time and dip it in
I'll just drop it right down perfect
now here's what you want to do I'm going
to use the top so you just want to make
sure you're slightly weight kind of move
around
do you don't want it to kind of stick
making sure that it's not over one hot
spot at any given time too long yeah if
we had a deeper the deep fryer you may
see we just put it down that's good now
going to get out
look we actually we need a little part
so we just made to easy recipe first
savory tangy homemade ketchup and the
second one delicious
that ketchup so they it coats a hotdog
it's perfect it's just right here cheers
guys this is our cheap this is really
great we dishing on these later